Title: E601: Top 10 Sellers on Amazon
Feed: EcomCrew
URL: https://www.ecomcrew.com/podcast/
Date: 2025-05-30T23:13:57.303637

Hey guys, Dave here, and in today's episode we're going to do a rundown of the top 10 largest sellers on Amazon according to their revenue, not seller feedback, according to revenue. So we're going to dive deep into how much these sellers are making and what they're selling to get so big. You probably have a suspicion of what some of these sellers are selling and who they are even, but a few of them are going to surprise you, trust me. So let's dive into these sellers and see who they are, what they're selling, and how much they're making, and what you can take from them and apply to your brand and your company. Welcome to the EcomCrew podcast, a podcast that for nearly 10 years has been devoted to helping you to develop, launch, and sell better D2C products for Amazon and beyond. So you know the brutal truth with tariffs. You pay tariffs on every single item as soon as they arrive onto the shores of America, even before you've made a single sale. This means that your cash is sitting there, trapped in inventory, and trapped in tariffs on items that you might not even sell. It's not exactly a recipe for growth. Well, there's a smarter way with portless. So you only pay tariffs when in order ships, after you've been paid by your customers. This is exactly what the e-commerce giants in China do, like Cheyenne and Temu. What that means is that you free up more working capital instantly, you turn inventory into cash faster than ever before, and you completely eliminate the risk of paying tariffs on unsold stock. So here's how it works. Portless helps you ship directly from China to your customers doorsteps in just five to eight days. Yep, that's just like Cheyenne and Temu do it. That means that you get access to your inventory days after manufacturing, you keep less stock on hand, and you only pay duties on what you actually sell. No more guessing games, no more cashflow nightmares, just smarter, faster scaling. So are you ready to turn tariffs from a liability into an advantage? Schedule your free call with portless today. All new customers will get $1,000 to reinvest into their business. Visit portless.com. Okay, number 10 on the list is a company you've probably never heard of. And even if you've bought from them, well, you probably don't even remember their name. And that company is CRZY Yoga. I'm not sure if that's crazy yoga or CRZY Yoga, but it's an apparel brand. So CRZY Yoga, let's just call them crazy yoga to make things easy. Crazy Yoga is number one, it's a Chinese company, and number two, they're basically a lululemon ripoff. So this is worth pointing out here is that these Chinese brands, they are not your grandma and your aunt's Chinese brands. These are very sophisticated Chinese brands. So if you check out their website, it's fantastic, it's beautiful. They're working with influencers, their photography is incredible. It is a very high quality brand, at least on the outwards appearance. And then the actual product itself, I've never worn a crazy yoga set of yoga pants, but I am sure that the quality is close to on par with some of the major athleisure brands like LULU. And this fact is of course where they're excelling. So just to give you an example, they have a pair of butter lift leggings, which cost $32 on Amazon through their store, and they're well over a hundred bucks on LULU. So really this is a LULU ripoff at a fraction of the price, but the branding is still very much on point and very good. So how much are they making? They're making $225 million a year on amazon.com alone. And these numbers are taken from sellersnooper.com. So up next is number nine. And if a yoga brand surprised you, this category seller is probably going to surprise you too. And that category that they sell in is gardening. And that company is a company called VivoSun. So VivoSun is a company that basically sells absolutely nothing for eight months of the year, but for the four months of the year, when gardening starts to take over the world, or at least America, I should say in Canada, when that starts to happen, this company absolutely kills it and does overall for the year $361 million a year just in gardening supplies. And again, it happens almost primarily around spring and early summer. So I don't know much about VivoSun, but if I had to take a guess on their business model, I would think it's largely centered around really supply chain efficiencies and really being able to time when they need their products for how long, not being over-inventoried, not being under-inventoried, and just really excelling at that. So if you take a look at their products, they're just generic gardening products, things like seedling mats and grow tents, nothing really out of this world in terms of innovation. But given the fact that they have such a narrow selling season, they have to be very much on point with their reordering and supply chain management. Anyone who has an incredibly seasonal product knows this, and that would be my suspicion that VivoSun is just doing an amazing job of this because having so much of your sales concentrated in such a small period of time is a difficult thing to do. So VivoSun, I'm going to guess they are knocking it out of the park just in supply chain efficiencies. Oh yeah, and I should mention, yes, VivoSun, they are based in China, but the next seller that we're going to talk about is not based in China, and guess what? It's not even based in America. Okay, number eight on the list. We need to hop on a plane and take a little flight across the Yellow Sea over to Korea. Now this would be a much cooler story if it was a hop over the Yellow Sea to North Korea, but of course it's to South Korea. So this company is COSRX. Again, I have no idea how to pronounce this company's name. Is it COSRX? Is it C-O-S-R-X? I have no idea, and again, it's just another jumbling of letters. I guess the Koreans like to imitate the Chinese in that regard. So COSRX is what we'll call them for the sake of this seller profile, and they are in health and beauty, but the products that they sell are really, really interesting. So first things first, they do over $370 million a year just on Amazon.com in sales, and their number one product, again, I'll give you a little hint, it's health and beauty. Can you take any guess at what it might be? I'll give you a second to think about it. All right, if you guessed snail slime, you are dead on. So COSRX sells $1.5 million a month. Sorry, I might have said year there. It's actually a month of snail slime. So snail slime is more poetically called mucin, which is a really trending fad right now for helping with dry and flaky skin. So we're all looking at manufacturing products ourselves, given everything that's going on with tariffs, and you might be looking at plastic products, you might be looking at wood products, you might be looking at metal products, but have you considered snail products? So it really does go to show, though, that there are a lot of different ways to manufacture products, and yeah, extracting slime from a snail is just one of them. Now, of course, I had to go down the rabbit hole of how do you get the slime out of a snail, and I was wondering, geez, do they make escargot of all these poor little snails afterwards? Well, it's actually kind of a cool process. Basically, what they do is they put all these snails into a warm bath. No, not like a cook in a lobster bath, but actually like literally a warm steam bath, and it causes them to release all of their goo, and then they just scrape it up off the sides of the steam bath. Really cool process, and no snails are harmed in the production of snail slime mucin. Check it out, go YouTube it, snail slime extraction, and if you go to COSRX's website, again, it's incredible. It looks like a billion dollar American beauty brand. So if you go to it, branding is incredible. They have a huge YouTube presence, work with a ton of influencers, great TikTok, you name it. They are knocking it all out of the park, and I think this is also a big takeaway for a lot of smaller brands is that, again, to succeed on Amazon today, your off Amazon presence has to be dialed in. Can you still survive like you did five years ago, just having kind of a mundane private label product with really no offline presence, sometimes not even a website, and still do okay? I think it's very, very tough. So you have to kind of follow in the footsteps of all of these major sellers and have fantastic off Amazon presences, and this has been going on for a while now. I mean, this is not exactly anything revolutionary, but just dissecting these top 10 sellers, you can really see the importance of having killer branding off Amazon. Okay, number seven on the list is another health and beauty company called Laura Geller. Now, if you're under 40 and or male, you've probably never heard of Laura Geller. Now, unfortunately, I only fall into one of those two categories, but I've still never heard of Laura Geller, but they absolutely dominate on Amazon in the makeup category. So Laura Geller really targets kind of going after middle-aged women and doing a fantastic job of it. And Laura Geller has been around for a long, long time. They got their start before the days of Amazon, but now they're absolutely killing it with Amazon, and they're doing over $300 million a year just on amazon.com alone. Again, these numbers are from sellersnooper.com. So the takeaway here is if you can have a product that is congruent to the average Amazon shopper, you're going to do well. And when it comes to Amazon, 53% of the shoppers on Amazon are female and 55% of them are over 35. So yeah, can you succeed in any category on Amazon? Sure. But if you have one that's congruent with that category of shopper, over 35 and female, you're going to have a lot easier time of doing well than if you're trying to target say older shoppers or a lot younger shoppers on Amazon. It's just, it's kind of like that Costco effect where Costco shoppers tend to be all a lot higher income, come from larger families. On Amazon, also a similar kind of skewing of demographics, except in this case, it's primarily women and primarily a little bit older. Now, if you had a younger oriented product, probably something like TikTok shops, you're going to do a lot better in. But if you have a product category, which does fit that older demographic and female demographic, Amazon can be a good bet. Okay. Number six, not that interesting of a company. It's Govee. They sell lighting. I've

purchase Govee's products before they're fantastic but they're kind of your average commodity lighting product. They sell over 343 million dollars a year just on amazon.com alone and they have a wide variety of lighting products everything from TV backlights to Christmas tree lighting so fantastic products. I would not want to be in this category because I imagine it is extremely competitive probably worse than electronics themselves so tough category to be in don't recommend you going to this category but if you have a rich uncle that's running a lighting factory maybe it'll work and if they do have that factory well try to mimic Govee and do 343 million dollars a year in sales. They are doing fantastic and they have become a company which is almost entirely reliant on Amazon for their sales and they're probably eclipsing close to a billion dollars a year when you consider all the marketplaces that they sell in so lighting very good category and very competitive category. Okay number five four and three I'm just going to zoom through because they are in everyone's favorite category on Amazon they're in supplements so these companies are all kind of similar now I know they would hate me saying that but really they're all selling some different type of supplement whether it's vitamin B whether it's creatine whether it's protein powders you name it they're just selling supplements and of course that means that they probably do a lot of Amazon marketing a lot of promotions all that type of good stuff and they're all doing very well so eSupplements is number five on the list they do 420 million dollars a year in sales on amazon.com alone Carlisle is number four with 430 million dollars and natural fall just above them is doing 432 million dollars a year on amazon.com alone now I will say a lot of these companies in the supplements category nowadays also again have very strong offline presences and that doesn't just mean websites it means that they have retail distribution so a lot of these stores are being showrooms for Amazon so customers go into a store and they see one of the supplements that they want to buy and they just go to Amazon and they purchase it there so a lot of these supplement companies now are getting brick-and-mortar retail distribution which is fueling their Amazon sales so two things to be successful in this category number one is retail distribution and number two is you really got to push the boundaries with Amazon's TOS number two on the list doing over 500 million dollars a year of sales just on amazon.com alone in fact 589 million dollars a year of revenue on amazon.com alone is in a category which is gonna surprise you actually no it's not it's supplements so sports research is a supplements company that's been around for a long long time so they're a company that have their roots off of Amazon and has now pivoted I shouldn't say pivot but they've moved heavily into Amazon and doing likely close to a billion dollars on all of Amazon's marketplaces in this category so sports research's most famous product is organic greens which I'm sure you've heard of but they've been doing this for over 40 years not specifically just organic greens but as a company they've been offering different supplement products for over 40 years so sports research is killing it on Amazon but also off of Amazon too so their website every month gets over 200,000 unique visitors a month and this is again from sellersnooper.com that's an incredible amount of traffic which they can either keep to themselves or they can funnel off to Amazon the other interesting thing when you go to the website they actually have an entire menu item big front and center called subscribe and save and I'm kind of surprised that Amazon does not actually have a trademark on that term so they're kind of leveraging their Amazon presence and dominance on their own website and trying to keep those customers to themselves and probably I think pushing boundaries a little bit with what Amazon would be happy with and making customers think that oh you can subscribe and save on our website and it's gonna be just and like an Amazon experience and maybe it is but they're probably kind of giving the customers the impression that it's an Amazon subscribe and save program so definitely pushing the boundaries a little bit there and a little bit surprising Amazon doesn't have a trademark around subscribe and save so if you have a subscription service for your website hey consider using that terminology subscribe and save just don't blame me if you get a lawsuit or a cease and desist from Amazon all right that brings us to the number one seller on Amazon and probably a lot of you know who this seller is that seller is of course anchor so you have probably all heard of anchor but let me just tell you a couple things which might surprise you about anchor so first is a public company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange so you can go pull up their annual reports and see a lot of interesting things about anchor and of course you're gonna need to translate it into English so the other thing is is that it's found by a former Google engineer so its roots are kind of in America even though it's a major Chinese success story next they do about 600 million dollars a year on amazon.com alone however that doesn't really tell the full story because anchor it has two major brands the first is anchor and the other is their secondary brand which you may or may not know called you fee so anchor is basically their consumer electronics brand and you fee is their home electronics brand so I don't not quite sure why they've divided it into two separate companies and when they made that decision to really kind of split their brand in two but they did and you fee is doing about 200 million dollars a year and anchor is doing six hundred and forty three million dollars a year and the last thing is combined sales for Amazon are about a billion dollars just on amazon.com other Amazon marketplaces lets us pretend it's another billion dollars so they're doing two billion dollars a year on Amazon their roots are in Amazon they are an Amazon native brand but now they are doing three billion dollars a year worldwide revenue where are they getting that revenue from it's off Amazon sales and a lot of brick-and-mortar retail distribution so today in America you can find their products in Walmart Best Buy Target but even in China they actually have some anchor DTC stores kind of like the Apple store but for anchor only even outside of China Japan and Korea also have dedicated anchor stores so anchor is probably one of the most well known Amazon native brand success stories but there is a little bit of trouble on the horizon for them because of you know who the tariff man so anchor was one of the first brands to announce that they're going to raise prices on Amazon because of the tariffs and they have they've raised their prices anywhere from 10 to 20% for a lot of their most popular products so investors are a little bit worried about what tariffs could mean for anchor and their stock price has taken a taken a toll for that the other interesting thing to note about anchor is that about three or four years ago a bunch of major Chinese electronics brands impow and others and okie all got wrapped up in a major Amazon suspension where Amazon was suspending for life some of the largest Amazon electronics sellers for review manipulation and Amazon spared no one so okie and impow at the time were pretty close to anchor actually in revenue and Amazon did not hesitate to ban them for life anchor did not get wrapped up in this so to anchors credit they never fell into the trap of playing these very black hat games on Amazon and a lot of major Chinese electronics sellers paid the price dearly when Amazon did drop the hammer on them anchor though never did have the hammer dropped on them because they weren't playing those games so full credit to them you know they are killing it on Amazon and they're doing it in a fairly white hat way all right there you have it there are the top 10 sellers for Amazon hopefully you guys were able to take away a few things that you can apply to your brands even if you're a small $200,000 a year brand or whether you're have your sights set on becoming a hundred million dollar plus brand I think there's something that we can all learn from these brands which are killing it on Amazon doing close to a billion dollars in some cases in revenue so I think we can all learn a little bit from them so until the next one happy selling

