Title: E600: Mike Left E-Commerce for This – Part 2
Feed: EcomCrew
URL: https://www.ecomcrew.com/podcast/
Date: 2025-05-30T23:15:03.726161

Hey guys, Dave here. And on this part two of our series, we have Mike back on the podcast to talk about what he's been up to for the last, I guess about year or so, and talk about his new business venture. Now, spoiler alert, his new business venture is a YouTube channel. And you're gonna first think, number one, his niche is in what? And number two, you're gonna think, what does YouTube have to do with e-commerce? So Mike will talk about how he's kind of using his channel for a new e-commerce brand that he's launched. And it's a pretty small side of the whole YouTube equation, but it is going to be a part nevertheless. And he also talks about what it takes to be successful on YouTube today. Now, if you follow the podcast, you know we've had a couple of guests on recently talking about YouTube. And the reason for this is the fact that YouTube and video more specifically, it's just kind of the future of not only content, but e-commerce. So I'm of the opinion, and this is not a very unique opinion, that if you wanna have a really successful e-commerce brand today, it's really hard not to be leveraging video in a big way. And you can be leveraging video from having other influencers promote your products through their TikTok channels or YouTube channels. You can be leveraging it through live streaming, or you can be leveraging it through being your own influencer and making your own videos. So hopefully today's episode gives you some good insight into what you need to do to have a successful channel, how you can use it to promote your e-commerce brand. And hey, you know what? Even if you want nothing to do with e-commerce, you just wanna have a pure content and pure advertising play on YouTube, we'll get into that as well. Welcome to the EcomCrew podcast. Podcast that for nearly 10 years has been devoted to helping you to develop, launch, and sell better D2C products for Amazon and beyond. So you know the brutal truth with tariffs. You pay tariffs on every single item as soon as they arrive onto the shores of America, even before you've made a single sale. This means that your cash is sitting there, trapped in inventory and trapped in tariffs on items that you might not even sell. It's not exactly a recipe for growth. Well, there's a smarter way with portless. So you only pay tariffs when an order ships, after you've been paid by your customers. This is exactly what the e-commerce giants in China do like Cheyenne and Temu. What that means is that you free up more working capital instantly, you turn inventory into cash faster than ever before, and you completely eliminate the risk of paying tariffs on unsold stock. So here's how it works. Portless helps you ship directly from China to your customer's doorsteps in just five to eight days. Yep, that's just like Cheyenne and Temu do it. That means that you get access to your inventory days after manufacturing, you keep less stock on hand, and you only pay duties on what you actually sell. No more guessing games, no more cashflow nightmares, just smarter, faster scaling. So are you ready to turn tariffs from a liability into an advantage? Schedule your free call with portless today. All new customers will get $1,000 to reinvest into their business. Visit portless.com. All right, Mike, we have you back to talk about what you think are opportunities in internet marketing, internet business in general, maybe outside of e-commerce, but definitely kind of digital specifically. So why don't you talk about what you have been doing because after you exited all your e-commerce brands, you took kind of an interesting little turn of events into something you started, a little passion project, which has turned into something a little bit, I think it's getting to the point of being bigger than a passion project. Yeah, so I'll talk about the thing I did for just a little bit as an interlude before I got into this, just so everybody kind of can connect the dots as some people might've heard this, that, or the other, but for a moment of time there, I was right after I got out of e-commerce was buying and selling land, just completely different business. You know, I had capital. I haven't even talked to you about that. Now I'm curious, okay. I've stopped doing it. It was doing great. It was doing incredibly well, actually, like frighteningly good. It was like kind of like e-commerce in 2012 all over again. And it just kind of fell apart within eight months, mostly because I think of the election and some of the stuff we're talking about in the last episode. And so I just decided to not do it anymore. The actual business kind of, the business model kind of changed. It did. I mean, I was able to acquire property much easier. Yeah. You know, as a recording, this is actually really good to say this time last year, because it really, this time last year in May of 2024, like, holy crap. And I was like, it was a hell of a feeling because it was just going so well. Like when you like find something that's working really well, I was buying off-market land at a really good deal. And then when we were reputting it up for sale, it was selling like almost immediately. It was like a magic trick. It was basically like you sign the documents and put it on MLS. And I had to make sure that I was sitting in front of my computer and my phone to take all the phone calls that would come in within minutes almost of it being listed. And if it was, you know, a bad property would take 10 days to sell. You know, it was that kind of situation. And starting in about, really about August, but by September, October, we really noticed a slowdown in sales. And it got to a point by October, from October, November, December, January, February, March, five months, we didn't get a single phone call on any of the properties that we had. Couldn't even unload them if we put them up for a fire sale. It was crazy. And actually now that I've gotten into this other thing, I've stopped doing land, but we own a bunch of property. It's been good because we've started getting all these phone calls recently. And we've actually gotten, just in the last couple of weeks, a few under contract. And it looks like maybe the market's getting a little bit better right now. But fundamentally I didn't enjoy that as much as what I ultimately got into right now. Yeah, yeah. Just to touch on that for a moment too. I thought, business model aside, it seemed eerily similar to e-commerce, but potentially even more risky than e-commerce. Because essentially what you're doing is you're buying, it's arbitrage at the end of the day. You're trying to buy low and sell for high. Very similar to most e-commerce models as well, trying to buy from China for low and sell for high. So it seemed eerily similar to e-commerce, but even more illiquid than e-commerce. It's definitely illiquid. It's kind of like having domain names. I mean, it's- Those are great investments, by the way. I mean, they can be, but they also are hard to sell if you need the money, like they're harder to sell. Unless you sell them to a business partner. There you go. Yeah, for half price. So, but yeah, I mean, it's, I don't know. We own a bunch of properties, so people are interested. We have property in Florida and North Carolina, Tennessee and Arkansas, South Carolina. But they are moving now, which is nice. And luckily, we bought them all with cash and we weren't in a position where we had to fire or sell them. I just held onto them when they were on the market, started doing something else that my mind was off of it. And now they're starting to sell, which is actually almost a weird inconvenience because I'm having, it requires a bunch of paperwork just to even, you got to sign the paperwork and do due diligence and dah, dah, dah, and get the thing closing. And every one has a different title company. So you got to like give them, it's just a real pain. It's a lot of paperwork, which is not my thing. And I've been busy doing other stuff now, so. All right, well, let's talk about what that other thing is. I think anyone who knows your background. So when I saw what you're up to, when you finally let the cat out of the bag, I was like, ah, okay, this makes total sense for what Mike would do. I mean, it's interesting because I really wanted to get into YouTube. Like it was just something that I had been kind of clamoring to do for a while. I wanted to do something around Las Vegas because that's where I live. And I've always loved Las Vegas and feel like if you're doing a business or doing something where it's a personal interest and passion and you know more than the average person and can really contribute something back with your knowledge, you know, it's a lot of fun. It doesn't feel like work. I mean, I'm certainly, when we were doing poker, it was the most successful thing I've ever done, you know, in terms of finances was being involved in online poker from 2003 to 2011-ish. I mean, it was just the right place at the right time. Plus I was really into playing poker. It didn't feel like a day's work most of the time. You know, it was just a lot of fun. I was doing what I loved. And Vegas has a lot of opportunity when it comes to that. Is it reviewing hotels or restaurants or shows or the casinos themselves or whatever it might be. And so I went through all of this and ultimately decided to end up doing the land thing instead because I couldn't quite figure out the right thing in Vegas that would have the ultimate financial reward that I was looking for. If you think about like, I'm going to be a Vegas foodie. I'm going to review restaurants. Like how many views is that really going to get on YouTube? And how do you get affiliate sales from reviewing restaurants? Yeah, affiliate partnerships and just, I might get a lot of free food. But like, as I started like really digging into the business model, there wasn't the revenue income opportunity that I really desired. And I tabled it. One of the other things I looked at was what we ended up ultimately doing, which is actually gambling, which I love to do, as obviously you know. Like I'm not a high stakes gambler and I'm not like someone that's going to like risk my house. But I like, I love to gamble a dollar on this and a dollar on that and you know, 50 bucks on this or lunch on that or whatever. Just something to like, it just, I always found it fun to just have something that eggs somebody on. It's usually between friends to give them a hard time. It's never, you know, we just lost a bet and now you've lost your house. Like that's not fun to me. Like I think that that's not fun. But at any rate, like I looked into that and really what seemed, the people that were doing the best in that niche were sensationalizing gambling to a point where I didn't feel comfortable. You know, they're betting $500 a spin or $10,000 on a hand of blackjack or things that I'm not personally comfortable with. And holy crap, trying to go, you know, start a gambling channel, gambling at limits that are out of your comfort zone would be a really bad idea. And so I just, I let it go and then ended up doing the land thing. And then the land thing started struggling. I kind of started revisiting the whole YouTube thing again. And as I was revisiting, I saw that there were a lot of people actually that I had missed the first time around that were successful, actually betting very low limits, like sane limits, the limits that most people come to the city, you know, for entertainment and bet. And so that's what we did. And so, I mean, it's nuts. We go to the casino every morning and film our antics every day. I do it with a buddy of mine that I've known for almost 20 years now. We've been betting a dollar almost daily on some BS for fun, like liar's dice, or, you know, we play card games, or, you know, is the next car down the street going to be red or black? It's just that type of stuff for, you know, the last many years. And it's just been a ton of fun. Like it's the first time again in a long time, like I'm focused.

on one thing, super energized to get out of bed and go do it. It's not the gambling parts, the hanging out. My wife comes and helps in films, so I get to hang out with her doing that. I'm hanging out with my really good friend. It's one of my best friends I've known for a very long time. We're doing that. We gamble at stakes that are comfortable for us. It's a lot of fun. Now that we've gotten permission to do table games, now we're really doing the stuff that we love. At first, we were only able to do slots. It will lead to other opportunities, which we can talk about, but it's been nuts. The journey has been almost unbelievable in terms of our growth. Again, it's been fun, which is the most important thing to me. Let me break down what Mike is doing just to make this totally clear what he's doing. Every morning, he wakes up and he rolls into the casino down the street from him or other casinos as well, and him and his friends put down $500 to $1,000 on a slot machine. They pull that handle. I still don't know when you quit or when you just let it ride and keep on going. I don't know what the metrics are there, but that's basically the whole gist of the channel. You've been doing this for what? Three months now? We put our first video up on January 9th. We're recording this in mid-May, and we have 5,500 subscribers already and just under 3 million views. The viewership and the return viewers and all the stuff is just staggering. It's really at that parabolic hockey stick growth level now. We're getting a couple hundred subscribers per day. We'll probably be at 10,000 subscribers in June. I ran my analytics through ChachiPT for fun and said, analyze past growth and where you think this is going to be. It thinks we'll be at 147,000 subscribers by the end of the year. I think that might be a little bit pushing it, but getting to 100,000 subscribers this year does seem possible, which is nuts. We've never had 100,000 subscriber YouTube channel. Again, it's fun. I think that that's why we've been growing so good. You can see it when you watch it. It comes through. Again, now we've gotten permission. You're right. We were coming and just doing slots, but just recently with a lot of persistence because we're still smaller in the eyes of casinos, but we're there every single day. They've seen our growth and we politely ask and are persistent about it. Eventually, they have granted us now access to table games so we can go in there and film Blackjack, Baccarat, craps, roulette. We've been doing these crazy challenges and things. Now we're playing games that I would be playing if there weren't a camera around because I do play craps. I do play Blackjack and these things. I never really played slots that much. My wife was really in the slots or is in the slots, but I've actually become a fan of slots because it's just been a fun way to have a cup of coffee and be us. It's silly. I think that's how everybody enjoys waking up is putting 500 bucks in a slot machine and having a sip of coffee. Great. Let's talk about the business model of YouTube. We talked about this a little bit in the last podcast as well, even as using YouTube or just video in general as an opportunity for e-commerce. Why don't we break down the opportunity for YouTube? Because I think YouTube is definitely the opportunity right now from a content perspective. I also think it's either YouTube or TikTok as a platform to promote an e-commerce brand. I think both of those are golden right now for growing an e-commerce brand, but even just purely as content, I think it is what blogging and even podcasting probably was five or 10 years ago. Which is kind of dead now. Blogging is a cycle for this YouTube stuff as well. Hopefully it's got five or 10 more years of legs, but everything has a cycle. I think YouTube or whatever you want to call it, video is basically what blogging was at least 10 years ago. We can debate when it ended its heyday, but definitely that's probably the cycle we're in right now. Let's talk about YouTube though as a business opportunity. What do you see as the game plan for the channel? I think most people that are listening, they probably have the same thought that I had. Dude, you're making YouTube content about gambling. Even you will admit this, you're never going to be ahead gambling overall in the long run. No, no. How does that business model work? Absolutely not. I want to be very, very clear about that. That is something that we've been very transparent on our channel about. We do a monthly update and let people know exactly how much we're losing gambling. I think it's important because we're in an industry. I wish it was something else that didn't have this stigma to it and stuff. Again, it's just the thing that I've always enjoyed doing it. It is what it is. Some people love smoking crack. Let them go do their thing or whatever. This is my thing. I like to make you laugh. See, I got a chuckle. Mike has a YouTube channel. Yeah. Smoking crack. Let's sample the crack. You're in Vegas, Mike, not Vancouver. I think you've exposed an opportunity here. We don't have anybody coming to sleep on our couch that wasn't anybody. That happened one time when I was there visiting you. I was like, what the hell is this? A homeless person literally walked into his house and was sleeping on the sofa. Okay. No, he was a drugged university student just to be clear. Oh, excuse me. Okay. Fair enough. Well, at least he was going to university. But at any rate, so in terms of business model... I don't know how that worked out, but... Right. In terms of business model, I mean, obviously, the most straightforward thing is that there's revenue for ads on YouTube. Once you get on YouTube's partner platform, you have 1,000 subscribers or more and 4,000 hours of watch time, they're going to start paying you for your viewership. Now, I mean, it's fractions of a penny per view. So you need a lot of views before it starts to add up. But even us just a few months into it, we're making hundreds of dollars a month already off of just the YouTube ad platform. And I believe that's going to be thousands of dollars a month by the summer and potentially tens of thousands by the end of the year or the turn of next year. And that's just the ad revenue portion. What do you figure? Okay. So YouTube, like most platforms similar to it, they do it on a CPM model. So basically... They call it RPM. But basically, revenue per your 1,000 views. That's right. Yeah. We're sitting at 1,650 on ours. I mean, I don't mind... Wow. And for gambling, I'm surprised that you could actually be monetized. It's incredibly high. And I think the reason it's as high as it is because our videos are quite long. And so I think a commercial runs every eight minutes or so on average. And so we're getting four commercials per episode. And people... Our consumption is insane. Our average watch time is really close to 15 minutes per video. That's average. I can't believe that. Because I turn it on and then I skip to the end to see how much you lost or won. Lots of people do that. We even put chapters in a lot of the videos to help people do that. But there's a lot of people that just sit there and consume it. They love watching this stuff. Put it on the background or something. It's interesting because we've gone through this evolution. We've become internet famous enough now we walk through the casino and people recognize us. And in fact, people are walking up to us with our merchandise sign, which is really freaking cool. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's wild, dude. I'll show you some pictures. I mean, it's a lot of fun and it's really wild. But I take the opportunity to talk to them. I'm like, why do you watch this? Because I want to do more when I hear this consistent thing. And most of it, I love playing. I can't afford to play nonstop. And they love this stuff so much that they're watching it. They really want to watch it. It's not just on the background. They consume it as if they're sitting there and they're riding along with us. And I think that what we've also heard a lot is the limits that we play are the same limits that they're playing. And so they find it to be extremely relatable than someone that's playing for $200 a spin. Because none of us are ever... I mean, it's fun to watch those videos. I personally do consume them, but I can't imagine taking our entire day's budget and doing it with one push of the button. Because they're just sitting there doing that. But it's all relative. When we talk about this on the channel, money is relative. Some people come on, we get lots of fun comments. You thought we got bad comments from one of the other things we were doing, you and me. This is on another level. All day long, there's tons of... It's like, your bets are so small. And I'm always just in there. Money is relative. There's people that bet less. There's people that bet more. Gambling is kind of a rush. And if you are a billionaire and you're going in there and playing 50 cents a spin, it's like money that would fall out of your pocket and you wouldn't even realize it versus someone who makes $2,000 a month and they're taking $20 in the casino as their entertainment budget. It's going to hit differently. And so that's the whole thing about... And so we just are true to what we are. That's a comfort level that we're okay with. Because we're risking $15,000 a month when you add up $500 a day. Now, we don't lose every day, but we sure as hell don't win every day either. We're losing more than we're winning. And that's a part of our business model is budgeting for that. So breaking it down the mechanics, let's say it's $10 RPM for average. For anyone listening to this, let's say you get $10 per 1,000 views. Reverse engineering this. At 100,000 subs, what do you think an average channel at around 100,000 subs is getting? I know subs has no direct bearing on revenue, but it does definitely impact it because more subs typically means more views. So at 100K subs, what do you think your channel will get? And by that same virtue, most channels at 100K would get in terms of revenue. If you just take some really silly back of the napkin math stuff right now, we're getting 150,000 to 200,000 views a day right now. Yeah. So let's say 100,000 just to make it easy. Okay. Let's just say we're getting 100,000 views right now. We're making like 30 bucks a day right now. By the way, a lot of our views come from shorts and the RPM on that's way lower. So that's why you're like, wait a second, that math is way the hell off. Well, it's because the shorts RPM is in the pennies. It's very different, but let's just say we're to scale up linearly. So we're at 5,000 subscribers right now. If we doubled to 10,000, maybe we're getting 200,000 views. If we doubled to 20,000 at another time, we're getting 400,000 views a day. At what point are we making $10,000 a day off of ad revenue? I mean, it doesn't take long. The biggest channels in the space are making millions of dollars a year. Wow. And I think to make this even easier, you're making roughly $30 a day, let's say $1,000 a month. Right? Right now. Yeah. I mean, well, actually it's as of today, it's a little bit, a little bit higher, but just it's because it's moving so fast, but yeah, we were, let's just say it's in that range. Let's say a thousand bucks a month at 5,000 subs. So if you're 10 times that at 50,000, which is roughly.

$10,000 and at $100,000, you're probably somewhere at around $20,000. Wow. Yeah. It's significant, dude. It's really, that's why I'm so excited about it. I mean, and this is what we theorize going into it, I just thought it would take a lot longer. Yeah. Like we're basically four months into this where I thought we'd be best case scenario at the end of year two, so we're way ahead of pace. Okay. Now, so that answers the monetary side of the equation for people. Hey, I need to make, if I can get 100,000 subs on my channel, I'll make maybe $10,000 to $20,000 a month just in pure ad revenue. And then you have all, what are some of the other benefits too that you could potentially get? And I know like you're in a gambling niche, so I think that's probably not what most people are going to be doing. So just broadly speaking from a YouTube channel, what are some of the other opportunities there for monetization? Yeah. I mean, it really depends on the niche. You know, if it was e-com crew, there's courses that'd be sold. If it's knitting products or, you know, in English channel, there's physical products to be sold there. You know, in gambling, like again, we're selling merchandise. We have a merch store, like I know how to launch a Shopify store and we've used a print on demand company. And like I said, people show up with our stuff on. We do these challenges where we offer people free spins if they're subscribed. So they're coming in, they're finding us, like they're incentivized to like come find us. It's, you know, they don't think of it as like it's a finding a needle in a haystack and it's, but it really drives subscriber growth and people engaging with us and stuff. And so in merchandise sales can be pretty damn lucrative. I mean, I'm, I'm hoping you're kind of going into what I had a back in the napkin math hope that that could be 15 to 25% of our, of our profit would be through, through clothing sales. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, not just, I guess not just clothing, but other merchandise. There's like magnets and there's mugs and you know, whatever, but mostly, mostly clothing. What are you getting as a markup on them? Like let's say you sell a t-shirt for 30 bucks. What are you paying? Yeah. I mean, it's through Printful. So like we're not making a whole lot. I right now target to make four bucks a unit. Yeah. We're not doing it right now for that. No. The longterm. Yeah. The longterm thing that's going to happen. I mean, I'm not thrilled about this, but we're going to have to have like a local fulfillment company. Like we're going to have to buy shirts, have them on the shelf, you know, get them in volume and get the price down and then it'll be, you know, a profit. So I'll do that when it makes sense where I can hire someone and it'll pay for that and get our, but it'll eventually be a profit center. One of the larger channels in our space was doing an interview on a, on a large podcast and they were talking about how they were doing on average of 3000 orders a day, a day for a fair gambling channel for their shirts. Yeah. I mean, they're everywhere, you know, so I don't know they'll ever be at that level, but certainly, you know, just to put things in perspective or you're like, that sounds crazy. Well, maybe not so much. But if you're doing 3000 orders a day, you can easily, you know, pencil in and figure out how to have a warehouse. And these print on demand companies are not leaving a lot of money on the table for us. You know, that's not the end goal is to do print on demand. It's actually happening in bulk, 500 t-shirts at a time or something. Exactly. I think we're going to be forced into, into doing that at some point in the future, but I'm not eager to do that by any stretch. And right now, you know, it's just like, it's just a counter for me. I like to see, okay, like, you know, with this many subs, this much traffic, we're selling as many shirts. It gets our products out there. They're all advertising for us, like our, our names on all the shirts. And it just, it also is it's humbling, you know, it feels like talk about feeling good about yourself and what you're doing, that someone's willing to pay money to buy one of these shirts like blows my mind. And whenever it happens, I'm tickled to death. I mean, it might feel differently a year from now, but it's pretty wild when someone like walks up to you in the casino with your shirt on, it just happened again this week. And it's just like, it's, it's freaking cool. And we're just really, you know, at the infancy of this. So, you know, I see that as a revenue opportunity. I see tons of affiliate opportunities. I mean, like I think that, you know, gambling, you know, casinos are becoming more and more ubiquitous in the United States. When I was a kid, it was Atlantic city and Vegas. Those are the only options in the entire country where you can go gambling in person and slowly, but surely now I think it's like 26, 30, whatever the hell states have gambling, you know, the next evolution is going to be online gambling. So there's a big push already for a bunch of free online gambling sites that are trying to be in a position to like turn on paid gambling at some point. And so I think there's a lot of affiliate opportunity there, which goes back to my roots. Sponsorships. Yeah. You know, I think there's like guides, electronic sales, like we will be talking about crap strategies or blackjack strategies or core sales. So boiling it down, like more or less, right. Just boiling it down for the broad audience, what they could do. Yup. Merch sales, physical products. If you're selling something, we talked about Steve Churchill, urban worm man, you can obviously sell an urban composter merchandise, which you think will be probably 10 to 20% of overall sales and then sponsorships and affiliate revenue. Yup. There's a lot of other, I think really cool parks. I like traveling and so like combining, you know, you got a casino in wherever that like invites you to come and they pay for you or a cruise ship or whatever, you know, potentially even internationally at some point, you know, those things seem fun in a long, you know, those are things that maybe don't have a direct monetary value, but I have a fun part of your life equivalent that adds to it. You know, all those things are things I'm looking forward to. Yeah. And I think you get that for most channels too, right? Like you're probably more privy to it being in gambling where casinos are willing to fork out a lot of money to pay for travel expenses, but even e-com crew, we would see it with, you know, most SaaS services we would not pay for. We get invited to conferences, that type of thing. We got invited to go to India, which was pretty freaking cool. I'm really grateful for that opportunity in many, many ways. So yeah, I mean, I think that those things are going to come and you know, I might not have looked forward to going to India and having to speak in the same way that I would getting to go, you know, I would look at it more as like I get to go gamble in India or whatever because it's something that I would personally perceive to be more fun versus speaking about e-commerce, which I still enjoy. Don't get me wrong. Didn't do it because I hated it. I'm past that point in my life, but this would be something I would really look forward to doing. And now breaking into the next part, what you've done to be successful. Now, I'll give my assessment of what you've done right and you can add some color to this. So number one, posting every single day, I think was a big thing. Yeah. Number two, it's very on trend. So, you know, kids, all they do is watch people gaming and live streaming gaming. And this is basically adult Twitch, you know, old farts like us. We want to watch we want to watch people gambling. Like I get a kick out of it. So that part is great. And then probably number three is the fact that there's it's very it's a very consistent format. So you know what you're getting going into it. So when I see your videos come on, you know, I know what I'm getting. Like if I'm in that mood, I'm going to turn it on. If I'm not in that mood, well, it's OK. I'm not going to be surprised. I know exactly what the content I'm getting. And so many channels, even e-commerce, we suffer from that, where it's kind of a hodgepodge of a little bit of everything, even though it might all be about Amazon selling. You don't know if it's a video on importing from China today or is it a video on image optimization? Whereas with you guys, it's just a very repeatable format that you know exactly what you're getting. Yeah, I mean, I would say the one thing that is frustrating, you know, with EcomCrew, if we set down to do the best video that's ever been made on the internet about image optimization, we control that 100 percent. Like what that content is 100 percent. But the script, the packaging, the thumbnail, I mean, everything is going to turn out exactly the way that's in my mind is going to be what's on the screen. And if it isn't, I'm going to keep on editing it until it is that video. I am completely at the mercy of the slot gods when it comes to like, you know, the things that really drive subscriber growth and engagement that there's obviously the long form stuff, which we do and we post that no matter what. But the stuff that really puts like rocket fuel on things is the unicorn stuff. Yeah. You hit a really big bonus or a really nice jackpot or these things, you know, we can sit there and play for days and or months and not hit any of this stuff and it gets frustrating. So we're a little bit out of control with that. We have a lack of control. We're not out of control. We have a lack of control when it comes to that, which is probably the part that attracts a lot of people. I mean, that is the compelling part is the fact that it is on script is reality TV. It is. Now, I think in terms of what's made a success, let's talk about things that the audience can relate to. Again, these are the same things I talked about for years while we ran EcomCrew. Step one is we just got started, right? Like this is the thing that like is it was a constant thing in the e-commerce space when I would go speak places, people that would come running into us with EcomCrew, like at the end of December, I talked to my buddy about this, right? Like, I mean, we have been talking about doing something for years, but we, we talked about it like between Christmas and New Year's and we just got started. Like we're going to do this finalizing agreement in terms of like how this was going to happen. And then we got started. Like we didn't hem and haul. We didn't worry about like how good or bad the content was going to be. Like we recorded three or four episodes that were so bad we couldn't publish them. By the fifth one, we published our first episode. Like we just turned the camera on, like just put up something, like just get started. Like it was like, I know when I go look back at this first episode years later, I'm going to laugh at it. And actually, you know, what's funny about this, in preparation for that, I went back and listened to episode one of the EcomCrew podcast and like how terrible that was. Well, I showed it to you the other day too, but. No, no, I actually went back and found it. Like I had already listened to it. I mean, it's, it's just important. Like, I mean, like it was tragic. Like we had never turned on a microphone before and it didn't sound like this. Like, I feel like this is probably a pretty good episode. I mean, like we both have been doing this now for a while and, you know, we're not thinking about making a podcast. We're just thinking about making good content, right? Like we're focused on, on the actual part. Right. And so I think just, just getting started was, you know, it's a big thing. And then what I told myself, and it's the same thing that, you know, I, I've tried to do with other businesses is just make it a little bit better every day, right? Like 1% better. Well, that's what Mr. B says too, I was going to say to that too. You've probably heard that strategy where he said, I'm going to make a hundred videos and every video I make, it's going to be a little bit better than the next one. It's going to be 5% better than the last one. Yeah. And that's it. And that's what we've been doing every day. And then the big thing is this is all I'm doing. So like I spend 16, 17, 18 hours of waking time a day. It's, it's actually a little bit unhealthy. This is what ends up happening to me. I get obsessed about stuff, but like all I think about is the content. It's not, I'm not thinking about the gambling part. Like, I mean, it's like, what is the topic of the video that we're going to go shoot tomorrow? Like what's going to be a better title for this?

video? How do I ask the editors to improve the framing of this? How do I make better lighting next time? How do I, you know, do this, that, or the other, whatever it might be, what's the next shirt we're going to put out? What's the next saying we're going to do? Watch the video back. Like, how can I make this better? And we added like a little, that was close meter or, you know, backup spins or this DJ and roulette thing, or just other, it's all, you can laugh as much as you want, but like it's getting slightly better every day. And now like, I'm really proud of the content we're putting out. Like it's, it's actually, you know, I think, you know, I'm critical, you know? And so for me to be like, I'm really happy with that content, but we're not done. Like we're going to continue to make it better every day. And we come up with new, like we tried this, this new thing, two new things this week, we went in there, like there's a machine that has a million dollar jackpot, the grand jackpot. We're never going to hit that thing. I don't have any illusions of that, but we have a video every day we put out. Now it's like, this is day one of us trying to win a million dollars. We put a hundred bucks in that machine, try to win a million dollars. It doesn't work out. It's never going to work out, but it's just content we're going to put out every single day and see how that goes. It might, the content might do well, the content might fail, but we tried it. You know, the only one that we did is today's day one of trying to turn a hundred dollars into a thousand dollars. We actually did it on our second day. That's going to be like an amazing piece of content. And like, we just keep on coming up with these ideas that we iterate. Like some of them we do and it's a terrible failure. And I just don't care. Some of them we do and they do very well. And we just go do more of that. The one that we're doing right now that does incredibly well that we do every day is we find some stranger, legitimate stranger on the casino floor, grab them and go do 10 $10 spins on a slot machine. And whatever we win, we split it with them. That makes really great content when you're like counting out money to a stranger, paying them and they walk away. We got these videos that get hundreds of thousands of views and it's out of, out of our control from the perspective of if we're going to win, if we're going to lose. But if we do 30 of those every month, we're probably going to have seven, six, seven, eight or whatever. Good wins and good videos. And so I think these are the types of things that have helped make it successful. Uh, and then we just, we find what's working and just double down on it. Like in typical Mike Jackness fashion, it's one video a day was not good enough. Now we put out one video plus six shorts. Wow. We just hired another, another editor. We're going to, we're just keep on putting more and more content out. And the more content we put out, the more views we get. And now the revenue that we're making, we're just putting it all back in, right? Like the revenue we're making, we're just going to hire another editor. And then now I don't spend the time editing anymore. I was doing all the editing to start with and I suck at it and I don't like it. And so now I spend my time instead of thinking about editing all day, I'm thinking about all this stuff I just talked to you about and we'll continue to push the bar forward with that. Okay. So two things to wrap up on. Uh, number one, I think this also goes back to what really works. And I think being willing to put yourself out there and like go into a public space, have a camera on you talking to people who, you know, there's going to be some percentage are going to say, who the hell is this guy? Like, why is he doing this? And there's always that imposter syndrome. You go into like a public space like that and you know, people are judging you and being willing to not let that prevent you from doing it. And in my experience as well, even just with Econ Group, you know, if I go actually on location and film something, it's a million times more compelling than just putting the camera on in my little man cave right here and recording just me and a camera. Way more compelling when you actually go out into a public space where there's people around you and just live on in that environment or scene or wherever it is. A hundred percent. Yeah. I mean it's the bells and whistles in the background. It's the random person walking up to us and being like, Hey man, how's it going? You know, you just, you know, it's the unknown quotient or just whatever. Like the intangible thing that you can't control that certainly adds a different dynamic to it. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. And I think most people have a hard time just overcoming the fact of putting their face on YouTube and being judged in that environment, let alone actually going into public and recording there. So I think the fact that you guys are doing that each and every day, you know, now you have some credibility because you have a bit of an audience and you know, you don't have that imposter syndrome anymore. But I'm sure the very first day that you turned on a camera and are filming you playing slot machines and talking to a slot machine, it was probably a little bit just intimidating, maybe even embarrassing. Yeah. Honestly, for me, it wasn't, uh, for my buddy, I think it was. And we talked a little bit about it because, and I'm, you know, not because I'm like special or, you know, don't have, don't have problems with this. It's because we've been doing it for 10 years with the Ecom crew. Right. So I mean, I think that that previous experience went a long way. Like I already kind of got over being in front of a camera and saying the wrong things and, you know, and judge and all this stuff. I mean, I'm kind of immune to that part. And I was patient with, with Ryan and, and I've gotten better. Don't get me wrong. I just, I just, I wasn't, I didn't care. Like I was just like, I'm just going to turn the thing on and it is what it is. And again, I do think that like that first video was nowhere near as good as what we're putting out now, but I didn't have that insecure feeling that I had the first Ecom crew podcast or certainly the first time I came up on stage. I don't know if you, I think you were there when I spoke to e-commerce fuel the first time. Holy crap. That was terrifying. I mean, but you know, I think that's, what's good about, you know, if there's any one good thing about getting older, because it sucks getting older, you know, these previous experiences like help in life. Right. So, I mean, it certainly helps having done that before we've done YouTube before I've done plenty of looking into a teleprompter and recording. This was off the cuff recording. It's a little bit different. Well, there's also that saying too, that in your twenties, all you care about is what other people think of you in your thirties. You don't care what anybody thinks about you. And in your forties, you realize nobody was ever thinking about you to begin with. That's right. That's true. Okay. Now getting back to the editing part a little bit, and now we're getting into the weeds a little bit. This is kind of Dave Bryant caring about this. What are you doing for editing? Cause so Ecom crew, we tried to hire a video, another video editor recently found two things. Number one, they're very high in demand from the Philippines. And I'm assuming you're hiring in the Philippines. And number two, it is very hard to get them to work a full-time job because almost all of them are doing side hustles to some degree, video editing on the side, and getting somebody to commit to a full 40 hours a week for one company is very hard. And as we experienced, like with our previous video editor, you can think you have them eventually they start moonlighting and their work kind of slips for your company. Hopefully that won't happen here. We'll see. It's funny how there's a connected dots in life or whatever. But Mia is still around who, you know, you know, this amazing woman that I hired at the infancy of our e-commerce business, I think in 2016. So she's been working with me for nine years now. And when I sold all the e-commerce stuff, I was just like, she's irreplaceable to me. Like I got to find something else for her to do. So she helped me with the land stuff. And as I've kind of started to dematerialize, she started helping with, with this. And so she's not a video editor, but she, she lives in the Philippines. So that, that certainly helps. And she was helping just with the sheer amount of scheduling and all the other stuff that like has to happen in this business. I mean, it just, it's a lot to, you know, post a good title on the description and put it on four different platforms. I mean, it, there's just a lot that's constantly going on in the background. That just takes a lot of manpower hours that, uh, and, and things that I'm bad at. Like, I, I think that it's good to run your business, letting someone else do the stuff you're terrible at. Like I am terrible at being organized and dealing with tedious stuff. And she does a great job with that. And in the land business, we had hired like seven or eight people, I think at our peak, when they were like doing a bunch of data stuff and manipulation. Well, one of them happened to be a video editor, uh, like as a side project. So he's doing all of our shorts. Oh, wow. He's doing a great job. He does a great job. This guy does a great job. He's awesome. His name is Kino. He, uh, he was literally doing data scrubbing for us, you know, in December it started doing short or actually I think we, he started cause I was doing it all to begin with. Like I said, January, maybe even in February I was doing it. And then I just realized I can't, I mean, I'm going to be here all day, every day. This is all I'm going to be doing. I, um, and it's not productive. And so he was available. And then Mia's husband, uh, is, is also an editor and he's doing all the long form stuff. Nice. Um, wow. He's doing a great job too. He does an amazing job and he's come a long way. Cause like, I mean, he was doing editing like I think as like a side hustle or just personal interest. And I mean, the guy has literally been working seven days a week. It's finally starting. They're finally starting to catch up. But like he bit off a little bit more than he can show. And we had hired a third party editing company first. And then he took that over. I was like, if we're going to get rid of the editing company, you gotta, you gotta do it. And so to his credit, he's done it. And I think he almost killed himself, like exhausting himself. But as of this week or last, really this week, they're, they're now going to be able to take off the weekend and like get back to a more normal schedule. And we also agree we're going to hire one more editor and try to take the pressure off because you know what, every like improvement, like that 1% better also takes more time. You know, often, you know, you're adding a little bit of graphic here, a little bit of whiz bang here, a little bit of sound here that takes somebody time to add it. And I can think of this stuff quicker than they can implement it oftentimes. Right. And so what we're going to do is just give him like a full eight hours now, like a full day per video to do editing, which is probably the proper amount to get like a 45 minute video for a long form video. Yeah. Eight hours per video. Yeah. All right. What do you think? That's too much or too little? That seems like a pretty reasonable ask. I think it is. I mean, well, he was doing in a five, which is why, you know, and really it was taken him eight. It's been taken him eight or 10 because he was just getting into doing it again. Now he's getting more and more efficient. So there's like two things happening. He's getting more efficient and getting better, but we've also been adding more content. And so we're going to get it down to eight and this way he can do like, what we really want to do is like, he needs to like watch the whole video first. What's 45 minutes to an hour just to watch the video before you start doing any editing and like map out, like these are the call outs, you know, that we're going to put on the screen. And he's doing this independently of me having to ask, which again, doesn't keeps me from having to trip a ton of my time. And I think that that's going to be the proper. And again, if you guys go watch one of these videos, I mean, this is not the reason why I'm, you know, not trying to get people to go watch our gambling video, but like just the production value has increased so much because like we're recording the machine where we record our faces now and have both of our faces on the screen with that in conjunction. So we're recording three pieces of footage at once.

almost no one else in the industry is doing. I was like, you know, as we started, like, how can we get better? Or one of those things was like, we were just filming the machine and we weren't on camera. Well, one of the ways we can make this better, humans relate to other humans. So we need to have our face on the screen and be talking into the camera and relating to the person on the other end of the screen just to help with that sticky factor. Right. Right. And so this has really helped with that. I mean, you really see it with the engagement and, uh, and, and watch time and stuff and people showing up with our, our stuff on that wasn't happening. And so, but that adds a lot, that's a big ass for an editor. Now he's got to sync audio, get that one thing framed, get the other thing framed. We're not allowed to film people in the casino except for ourselves. So he's got to blur people in the background. Right. It starts to become a lot more than you realize that when you start verbalizing all this, it's like, holy crap, this is a lot of work. And so I'm quite proud of the product that they've put out. Yeah, that's awesome. It's pretty amazing actually. And I think the other important thing that you've kind of talked about here, you talked about all the hours that are going into editing, all the hours that are going into you filming it, all the hours, just with even probably thinking about what you're doing. This is a not a 40 minute video. It's not 40 minutes of recording and editing. No. A 40 minute video is, you know, you're talking dozens of hours. I think that is what a lot of people need to be aware of too, with YouTube. Like if you put 40 minutes into your 40 minute video, you're going to get the appropriate results for that video. Like there is a crap ton of time that goes into these videos. And I think part of the magic of YouTube, like that secret sauce is the more hours you put into it, really, probably the better video you're going to have and the better results. A hundred percent. You know, one of the things I've watched, you were talking about Mr. B, so I watched a lot of his stuff. It's like, he talks about, you know, people have this like mentality of like, YouTube doesn't like me. And you know, got to do this side or the other to get more views. Or I don't understand. Just like, you're not making good enough video. Right. It's just like, it's the video. And so, and some people like, you have a hard time breaking through this. Like, again, I don't care. It's like, I mean, it sucks. Like I put a lot of effort into this video and it didn't get a lot of views. My default position is I got to go do better tomorrow. Right. And like, we just keep on pushing it to do better. And the thing that's cool about putting out a daily video is I only got to wait a day. Right. Like, you know, when you're putting out weekly videos or monthly videos or more infrequently, you got more time to like dwell on the poor result of the poor video. Like I just immediately get out of bed the next day. I'm like, I got to go do a better job. Got to go do another video. And like, we're constantly, I don't have time to think about it anymore. In fact, I don't even really look at the stats and the, at first I was, I couldn't sleep. I was like obsessed looking at that YouTube app. And you know, now I just like, I'm kind of mentally put us all that away. I'm like, I know now what's coming. Like, I just got to keep on doing it. Right. It's like, I'm doing a better and better job of focusing every day on just the things that like I need to do to put out more and put out better content, improve our website, put out more stuff on our store, put in the time in the casinos and making relationships with people. And we've got some large, I mean, MGM allows us to come record. We have a good relationship with them, which I never thought would be possible. These are huge corporations. Resorts World's welcomed us. El Cortez, I have a relationship now with the casino manager there. He was nice enough to let us come record the casino. Like I said, right down here at Green Valley Ranch, we know every slot and every waitress, all the pit bosses like are there six days a week. I mean, that's probably one of the reasons why they allowed us to record table games. Like I think you create your own luck, you know, to use a funny analogy from a gambling channel, you're creating your own luck. I mean, like there's probably a reason why they allowed us to film table games at an earlier stage here. And this now allows us to grow much quicker than someone else that might be in that same spot. And it also energizes me to want to go do more of it because I truly enjoy playing the games. Like I've talked to my buddy about this over and over again. I would be fine walking in and getting $10,000 monopoly money every day. Win, lose, or draw, I'll give it back to him. Like I just like playing the games. It's like gambling. You are a desert degenerate, Mike. I am a desert degen. So there's that. Awesome, Mike. Okay. I think that was a little bit different content than we're usually having on the podcast, but I think it's really relatable for a lot of people, whether or not they want to start a purely content YouTube channel or use it as kind of a platform to increase the sales of their own e-commerce brand. So I think it's good actionable advice. Like we talked about, I think video is where kind of the future of e-commerce brands is going and definitely content as well. Yeah. I highly encourage everybody. I think that most people listening to this from an e-commerce perspective can probably be applying this to their e-commerce business as long as you're willing to put the effort in. Most YouTube channels, I was looking at some stats into this, like some stupid number gets started every day. Very few ever get monetized, even fewer ever get that plaque because it's a side distraction. They never put the effort in. They think they're going to put one or two videos up and they're just going to be wildly successful to begin with. That's not how that works, right? And so if you are committed to it, I would say it's as close to a guarantee as you can have in life and in business. If you put the content out, keep making it better, it's close to a guaranteed revenue stream as you're going to get in this day and age. In my opinion, that's just my opinion. That's YouTube, guys, not gambling. YouTube, not gambling, not gambling. Oh, no. All right, man. Thank you very much for coming back on here. We'll have to have you on in, let's say, one more quarter. You can give us an update on how things are going and how many t-shirts and Desert Degen mugs you've sold. So we'll circle it all back to e-com. When we get to 25,000 subscribers or something, we'll come back and talk about it. All right. We'll set a goal. Mike will be back next week. All right, everyone, thank you for listening. And until the next one, happy selling.

